We just put together our custom publisher before we test this out.
I want you to know that I made a little typo in the last video.
So we're going to go back over to the base publisher.
So right now we are receiving this data property right here.
We're taking that data and we are passing it directly off to publish.
But remember, when we call it publish on the next client, we must be providing a string right here.
So we're going to take whatever data is provided and turn it into JSON.
So we'll do a JSON string if I like.
So that was my mistake.
I just left off that string of fi function call.
Okay.
So now we've got that in there.
We're going to figure out how to actually run this code.
Well, we're going to go back over to our publisher TS file inside of our SRC directory.
Inside of here.
We're going to import the ticket created publisher that we just put together.
So that's this thing right here.
And we're going to use this ticket created publisher to publish an event at the very top.
I'm going to import.
Ticket created publisher.
From events ticket created publisher.
There we go.
That downside of our connect statement right after we connect?
I'm going to comment out the data variable and the publish call that's already in there.
I'm only commenting that out so we can do a comparison of how hard this code is to understand before
and after the refactor.
So we're then going to create an instance of that publisher.
We'll say publisher is new ticket created publisher.
We have to pass in a Nats client.
So that's going to be our standard variable that we had already declared and connected to Nats with.
And then to actually publish something, we'll call a publisher, publish, and we'll pass on the data
that we want to publish.
For this ticket created event.
As soon as I put in that empty object.
Notice how TypeScript starts to show some errors.
So TypeScript is doing some type checking for us.
It's making sure that whatever data we are trying to publish has the correct properties, so ID title
and price, and it's going to make sure that they have the correct types as well.
So it must be a string, a string and a number.
This check right here is what it is all about.
This is why we are going through all this extra effort to make sure that we do not try to publish some
incorrect or invalid data that's then going to be consumed by other services.
So we'll put in a hardcoded ID title of concert and a price of 20.
And as soon as I have the correct properties and the correct types, air goes away.
And that means that we have defined this event successfully.
Okay.
Time to test this out.
I'm going to look at my editor, make sure I don't have any typescript errors from any files.
I'll then make sure I save all these different files and we'll go back over to our terminal and do a
quick test.
And when you go back over to your terminal, I would encourage you to just do a quick restart of the
publisher and the two listeners, just in case there was some air along the way that caused the connection
to be messed up or something like that.
So I'm going to restart my listener.
I'm going to restart my second listener.
It looks like those both booted up correctly.
So if you get any errors, chances are there's something wrong with the implementation right now.
I'll then go to the window that was doing the publisher and do a run publish.
So as soon as I start that up, I'll see the console log of even published.
I then see from one of the listeners that we received some event data and I got the console log in there
of the event data itself and then the ID, the title and the price.
Awesome.
So it looks like the stuff is all working.
Okay.
So this is definitely a fantastic improvement.
And I really cannot understate how important this refactor was, even if it was a little bit painful
and at times rather confusing.
There's still a couple of things I want to show you really quickly.
A couple locations where you can fix up some code and make it a little bit easier to use inside of some
of our services in the future.
So quick pause right here and I'll see you in just a minute.